so here i was
thousands of blocks away from respawn
and was explored by creeper
since i was thousands of blocks away i
could not find my items i was one of the
poorest players on the s p
so the only way of becoming rich was to
kill its eye spiders ice spider was the
most stacked player on the smp
and i had to trap him and kill him this
was insane
where if i press this lever from far
away a 2x2 door would open causing
spider to fall to his death but then
when making a trap this happened
[Music]
so it turns out that spider actually dug
a tunnel underneath our base
he found out
okay while the drop down did not work
but certainly sneaking into his base and
ambushing him with crystals will work
[Music]
this is so scary
hopefully he won't come into his face
[Music]
okay this is going to take a while let's
speed it up a little bit
[Music]
oh he is there
okay let's just surround him with
crystals
[Music]
so
well that bike fired on me
[Music]
so both of them failed i might as well
give up at this point
when i was wandering around the s p this
happened
[Music]
yes
[Applause]
okay let's purl away let's purl away
this is intense
oh my god i can't believe i just did
that
okay let's put on the armor quickly
[Music]
oh no pigeon fur is after me
this is so scary
[Music]
okay let's purl away
i think i lost him
[Music]
oh no he's hitting me he's hitting me
i'm getting low
[Music]
this is so intense
i can't outrun him
this is so scary i don't think i can get
out with the armor
i think i'm losing him
[Music]
okay
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
i'm alive
finally i lost him
now i'm one of the most stacked players
on the smp
i'm so gonna get banned for this